In this video I will demonstrate how to install and configure your logic.
The latest version as of July 2008 80 on Ubuntu operating system.
It has to be noted that the installation process is exactly the same for any other version of us Noon-Air
genetic and legal or others to install groups.
You first need to go to the installation page of Russ..
As of today two versions are he commanded Roskill a dig which was really on May 2006.
The interest which was the lead on making thousand eighty.
Note that both versions have longtime support and yes in this venue we will install the Rossmiller or
melody can be installed on different operating systems.
We will choose your best operating system in our tutorial.
The first thing to know is that trust me logic is only supported by Ubuntu eighteen point zero four
which is Ubuntu by owning.
So make sure that you have installed Ubuntu Byronic before starting the installation.
In the previous video I have shown how to install Ubuntu by onic in a virtual machine on Mac operating
system.
It has to be noted that every version of us is supported by a particular version of Ubuntu that open
a terminal and copy the first command that will accept software from rust packages repository.
After that you need to set up your keys by using the second command before starting the installation.
You'll need to make sure that your daily index is up to date by executing sudo abt get up then the system
update your debian index.
Now your system is ready to install or else there are different available options.
It is recommended to install the desktop option which contains most of the important and required libraries
in the.
Let's do that.
This operation will add a little bit more than 700 megabytes on your hard drive.
The operation takes time.
So wait until it completes
grade.
Now Ross is installed a new system.
However there are still a few more things to do before you can use Rosse you need to initialize that
allows you to easily install system dependencies for sources you want to compile and it is required
to run some core components of Fras then write the command up the congratulations.
You have no roads up and running to enable rest in your system.
You need to source the setup bash of the OS workspace.
Doing so you will be able to run commands to make this effective permanently.
You need to add the command source up trust that's melodic slash set up that bash into bash RC 5 so
that it is enabled automatically whenever you open a new terminal.
So you do not have to manually type it every time you take the last step is to use those tools and other
dependencies to build trust packages.
Now having this done you are ready to start working with Ross.
Apple Ficci installation.
You should create a workspace where to put your proper projects in packages.
For this you need to create a new workspace in the home directory and this what space will be used later
to put all those projects in packages to do so.
Look at the whole factory in an attempt to create a new folder called Get in the US or get your workspace.
And besides why did you create a source file.
Where to put your projects that compile your workspace you see.
You may.
Your face is not to leave other project in to enable your workspace as the default workspace.
You have to source the standard Paschall this workspace into the RC file so open that bash or sci fi
and add the following command inside of it.
Now workspace is ready and you can type Rashidi to make sure that it is the default workspace.